README.md, before:

# Escape-Room-Storefront

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

With "The Monkey's Cup," our exciting Jungle Escape Room adventure, you can step into a world full of mystery and adventure. This one-of-a-kind storefront app is your pass to a once-in-a-lifetime adventure that will test your intelligence, teamwork, and courage.

"The Monkey's Cup" takes you deep into a jungle where an old stone temple is hidden away. As soon as you walk in, you'll be faced with a series of tricky puzzles, riddles, and traps. What's your goal? To find out what secrets are hidden inside and claim the legendary treasure called "The Monkey's Cup."

You can make sure you get a spot on this exciting adventure with just one click. Get the ticket now and take advantage of the chance to solve the puzzles in "The Monkey's Cup" escape room. It will be a thrilling and unforgettable experience.

See how our site functions

<video width="700" controls>
  <source src="images/user-input-demo.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

<br>

See how our site looks on mobile

<video width="700" controls>
  <source src="images/video-responsive-demo.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

### Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Front-End Technologies](#front-end-technologies)
- [Back-End Technologies](#back-end-technologies)
- [Database](#database)
- [User Authentication](#user-authentication)
- [Session Management](#session-management)
- [Templating Engine](#templating-engine)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributors](#contributors)

### Front-End Technologies

- HTML: [HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
- CSS: [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)
- Java Script: [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
- jQuery: [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
- Fetch API: [Fetch API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API)
- AJAX: [AJAX](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/AJAX)
- Qrcode.js: [Qrcode.js](https://davidshimjs.github.io/qrcodejs/)
- Three.js: [Three.js](https://threejs.org/)
- Materialize: [Materialize](https://materializecss.com/)
- Bootstrap: [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)

### Back-End Technologies

- Node: [Node](https://nodejs.org/)
- NPM: [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/)
- Express: [Express](https://expressjs.com/)
- bcrypt: [bcrypt](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bcrypt)
- Day.js: [Day.js](https://day.js.org/)
- Cloudinary: [Cloudinary](https://cloudinary.com/)
  qrcode js: https://github.com/davidshimjs/qrcodejs

### Database

- MySQL: [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/)
- Sequelize ORM: [Sequelize](https://sequelize.org/)

### User Authentication

- Bcrypt: [Bcrypt](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bcrypt)

### Session Management

- Express-session: [express-session](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-session)

### Templating Engine

- Handlebars: [Handlebars](https://handlebarsjs.com/)

<br>

## Features

- Navigate through the jungle-themed storefront and choose a suitable time slot.
- Enjoy a user-friendly interface with detailed information about the escape room.
- Get access to QR codes for reservations and easy check-in.

## Technology Used

<br>

**3D Model**

<br>
Model Information:

- title: Treasure Chest
- source: [Source URL](https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/treasure-chest-773a2f35025b4e2e9ac48fd84c16b3ab)
- author: [DailyArt](https://sketchfab.com/D.art)

Model License:

- license type: [CC-BY-NC 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/)

This work is based on ["Treasure Chest"](https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/treasure-chest-773a2f35025b4e2e9ac48fd84c16b3ab) by [DailyArt](https://sketchfab.com/D.art) licensed under [CC-BY-NC 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/)

<br>

Model Information:

- title: Jungle Environment
- source: [Source URL](https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/jungle-environment-4133ba3021ce466e9ae88699d3585dfd)
- author: [Bindestrek](https://sketchfab.com/KNUT-OLAV_UTISTOG)

Model License:

- license type: [CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

This work is based on ["Jungle Environment"](https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/jungle-environment-4133ba3021ce466e9ae88699d3585dfd) by [Bindestrek](https://sketchfab.com/KNUT-OLAV_UTISTOG) licensed under [CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

## User Stories

MVP User stories

-

-

-

-

## CSS Framework

We used ....

## Learning points

We learned ...

<br>

## Deployment

Website URL: [The Monkey's Cup](https://link.com)

![alt text](/images/home-page.png)

<br>

## Authors

### Derek Stanley-Howarth

Currently a student in the UC Berkley Full Stack Flex Bootcamp.

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/derek-stanley-howarth-933a46106/)
- [Github](https://github.com/DSHowarth/)

<br>

### June Moon

Currently a student in the UC Berkley Full Stack Flex Bootcamp.

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/june-moon-940538280/)
- [Github](https://github.com/moonjunsain)

<br>

### Elena Gurchinskaia

Currently a student in the UC Berkley Full Stack Flex Bootcamp.

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/elena-gurchinskaia/)
- [Github](https://github.com/elenagurchinskaia/)

<br>

## Questions

For any questions or inquires, feel free to reach out to us via GitHub:
[Derek Stanley-Howarth](https://github.com/DSHowarth/) or Email: dkshowarth@gmail.com.
[June Moon](https://github.com/moonjunsain) or Email: moonjunsain@gmail.com.
[Elena Gurchinskaia](https://github.com/elenagurchinskaia) or Email: elenagurchinskaia@gmail.com.

qrcode js: https://github.com/davidshimjs/qrcodejs

credit (3d models)
treasure chest: https://sketchfab.com/D.art
jungle environment: https://sketchfab.com/KNUT-OLAV_UTISTOG

Commit message:

Update README.md with User Stories and formatting

README.md, after:

# Escape-Room-Storefront

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

With "The Monkey's Cup," our exciting Jungle Escape Room adventure, you can step into a world full of mystery and adventure. This one-of-a-kind storefront app is your pass to a once-in-a-lifetime adventure that will test your intelligence, teamwork, and courage.

"The Monkey's Cup" takes you deep into a jungle where an old stone temple is hidden away. As soon as you walk in, you'll be faced with a series of tricky puzzles, riddles, and traps. What's your goal? To find out what secrets are hidden inside and claim the legendary treasure called "The Monkey's Cup."

You can make sure you get a spot on this exciting adventure with just one click. Get the ticket now and take advantage of the chance to solve the puzzles in "The Monkey's Cup" escape room. It will be a thrilling and unforgettable experience.

See how our site functions

<video width="700" controls>
  <source src="images/user-input-demo.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

<br>

See how our site looks on mobile

<video width="700" controls>
  <source src="images/video-responsive-demo.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

### Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Front-End Technologies](#front-end-technologies)
- [Back-End Technologies](#back-end-technologies)
- [Database](#database)
- [User Authentication](#user-authentication)
- [Session Management](#session-management)
- [Templating Engine](#templating-engine)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributors](#contributors)

### Front-End Technologies

- HTML: [HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
- CSS: [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)
- Java Script: [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
- jQuery: [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
- Fetch API: [Fetch API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API)
- AJAX: [AJAX](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/AJAX)
- Qrcode.js: [Qrcode.js](https://davidshimjs.github.io/qrcodejs/)
- Three.js: [Three.js](https://threejs.org/)
- Materialize: [Materialize](https://materializecss.com/)
- Bootstrap: [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)

### Back-End Technologies

- Node: [Node](https://nodejs.org/)
- NPM: [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/)
- Express: [Express](https://expressjs.com/)
- bcrypt: [bcrypt](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bcrypt)
- Day.js: [Day.js](https://day.js.org/)
- Cloudinary: [Cloudinary](https://cloudinary.com/)
  qrcode js: https://github.com/davidshimjs/qrcodejs

### Database

- MySQL: [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/)
- Sequelize ORM: [Sequelize](https://sequelize.org/)

### User Authentication

- Bcrypt: [Bcrypt](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bcrypt)

### Session Management

- Express-session: [express-session](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-session)

### Templating Engine

- Handlebars: [Handlebars](https://handlebarsjs.com/)

<br>

## Features

- Navigate through the jungle-themed storefront and choose a suitable time slot.
- Enjoy a user-friendly interface with detailed information about the escape room.
- Get access to QR codes for reservations and easy check-in.

## Technology Used

<br>

**3D Model**

<br>
Model Information:

- title: Treasure Chest
- source: [Source URL](https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/treasure-chest-773a2f35025b4e2e9ac48fd84c16b3ab)
- author: [DailyArt](https://sketchfab.com/D.art)

Model License:

- license type: [CC-BY-NC 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/)

This work is based on ["Treasure Chest"](https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/treasure-chest-773a2f35025b4e2e9ac48fd84c16b3ab) by [DailyArt](https://sketchfab.com/D.art) licensed under [CC-BY-NC 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/)

<br>

Model Information:

- title: Jungle Environment
- source: [Source URL](https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/jungle-environment-4133ba3021ce466e9ae88699d3585dfd)
- author: [Bindestrek](https://sketchfab.com/KNUT-OLAV_UTISTOG)

Model License:

- license type: [CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

This work is based on ["Jungle Environment"](https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/jungle-environment-4133ba3021ce466e9ae88699d3585dfd) by [Bindestrek](https://sketchfab.com/KNUT-OLAV_UTISTOG) licensed under [CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

## User Stories

MVP User stories

- ```As a User, I want to be able to see a landing page that welcomes me so that I can get a good first impression about the escape room.```

- ```As a User, I want to be able to make reservations for available times so that I can be confident the escape room will be available when I go.```

- ```As a User, I want to be able to view my reservations so that I don’t have to remember everything I reserve.```

- ```As a User, I want to be able to log out so that I can safely access the site from a public device without compromising my info.```

- ```As a User, I want to be able to cancel reservations so that I can avoid getting charged when I can no longer attend.```

## CSS Framework

Our main framework was Bootstrap, but we also have included a large amount of custom CSS to get the appearance we wanted. 

## Learning points

We learned ...

<br>

## Deployment

Website URL: [The Monkey's Cup](https://sheltered-scrubland-47894-17ae2d63c103.herokuapp.com/)

![alt text](/images/home-page.png)

<br>

## Authors

### Derek Stanley-Howarth

Currently a student in the UC Berkley Full Stack Flex Bootcamp.

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/derek-stanley-howarth-933a46106/)
- [Github](https://github.com/DSHowarth/)

<br>

### June Moon

Currently a student in the UC Berkley Full Stack Flex Bootcamp.

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/june-moon-940538280/)
- [Github](https://github.com/moonjunsain)

<br>

### Elena Gurchinskaia

Currently a student in the UC Berkley Full Stack Flex Bootcamp.

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/elena-gurchinskaia/)
- [Github](https://github.com/elenagurchinskaia/)

<br>

## Questions

For any questions or inquires, feel free to reach out to us via GitHub or Email:
- [Derek Stanley-Howarth](https://github.com/DSHowarth/), dkshowarth@gmail.com.
- [June Moon](https://github.com/moonjunsain), moonjunsain@gmail.com.
- [Elena Gurchinskaia](https://github.com/elenagurchinskaia), elenagurchinskaia@gmail.com.
